https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/sufficient_statistics,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/bayesflow/monte_carlo,tensorflow/contrib/bayesflow/python/ops/monte_carlo.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/as_dtype,tensorflow/python/framework/dtypes.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/resource_loader/readahead_file_path,tensorflow/python/platform/resource_loader.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_cosine_distance,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_cosine_distance,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,class ControlOutputs
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,class OpMatcher
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,class SubGraphView
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,class Transformer
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,class TransformerInfo
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,add_control_inputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,assign_renamed_collections_handler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,bypass(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,can_be_regex(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,check_cios(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,compute_boundary_ts(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,connect(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,copy(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,copy_op_handler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,copy_with_input_replacements(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,detach(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,detach_control_inputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,detach_control_outputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,detach_inputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,detach_outputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,edit
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,filter_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,filter_ops_from_regex(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,filter_ts(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,filter_ts_from_regex(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_backward_walk_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_consuming_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_forward_walk_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_generating_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_name_scope_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_ops_ios(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_tensors(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_walks_intersection_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_walks_union_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,get_within_boundary_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,graph_replace(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,keep_t_if_possible_handler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,make_list_of_op(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,make_list_of_t(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,make_placeholder_from_dtype_and_shape(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,make_placeholder_from_tensor(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,make_regex(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,make_view(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,make_view_from_scope(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,match
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,op_type(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,ph(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,placeholder_name(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,remove_control_inputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,replace_t_with_placeholder_handler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,reroute
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,reroute_inputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,reroute_ios(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,reroute_outputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,reroute_ts(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,select
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,select_ops(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,select_ops_and_ts(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,select_ts(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,sgv(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,sgv_scope(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,subgraph
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,swap_inputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,swap_ios(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,swap_outputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,swap_ts(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,transform
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,transform_op_if_inside_handler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,util
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,absolute_difference(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,add_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,compute_weighted_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,cosine_distance(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,get_losses(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,get_regularization_losses(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,get_total_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,hinge_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,log_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,mean_pairwise_squared_error(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,mean_squared_error(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,sigmoid_cross_entropy(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,softmax_cross_entropy(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,sparse_softmax_cross_entropy(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses,tensorflow/contrib/losses/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/get_variables_by_name,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/metrics/sensitivity_at_specificity,tensorflow/python/ops/metrics_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/truncated_normal,tensorflow/python/ops/random_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/relu_layer,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/Scaffold/get_or_default,tensorflow/python/training/monitored_session.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sets,set_difference(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sets,set_intersection(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sets,set_size(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sets,set_union(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sets,tensorflow/python/ops/sets.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/Exponential,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/exponential.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/gfile/Copy,tensorflow/python/lib/io/file_io.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/input_from_feature_columns,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/feature_column_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/assign_from_values_fn,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/is_strictly_increasing,tensorflow/python/ops/check_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/LaplaceWithSoftplusScale,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/laplace.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/monitors,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/monitors.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/imag,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/control_dependencies,tf.Graph.control_dependencies
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/control_dependencies,tensorflow/python/framework/ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/zero_initializer,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/get_session_tensor,tensorflow/python/ops/session_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sparse_concat,tensorflow/python/ops/sparse_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/test/test_src_dir_path,tensorflow/python/platform/test.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/slice,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq/one2many_rnn_seq2seq,tensorflow/contrib/legacy_seq2seq/python/ops/seq2seq.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/reduce_max,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/errors/error_code_from_exception_type,tensorflow/python/framework/errors_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/metrics/mean_squared_error,tensorflow/python/ops/metrics_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_pearson_correlation,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_pearson_correlation,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tfdbg/load_tensor_from_event_file,tensorflow/python/debug/lib/debug_data.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/generate_checkpoint_state_proto,tensorflow/python/training/saver.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Variable/SaveSliceInfo,tensorflow/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_relative_error,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_relative_error,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/lookup/KeyValueTensorInitializer,tensorflow/contrib/lookup/lookup_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/with_shape,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/framework/tensor_util.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/image,tensorflow/python/summary/summary.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/SaverDef,tensorflow/core/protobuf/saver_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/WorkerSessionCreator,tensorflow/python/training/monitored_session.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/assert_rank_at_least,tensorflow/python/ops/check_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/get_seed,set_random_seed
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/get_seed,tensorflow/python/framework/random_seed.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tfdbg/watch_graph,tensorflow/python/debug/lib/debug_utils.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses/get_regularization_losses,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_root_mean_squared_error,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_root_mean_squared_error,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/LoggingTensorHook,tensorflow/python/training/basic_session_run_hooks.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/layers/separable_conv2d,tensorflow/python/layers/convolutional.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/size,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,class VariableDeviceChooser
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,add_arg_scope(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,add_model_variable(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,arg_scope(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,arg_scoped_arguments(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,assert_global_step(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,assert_or_get_global_step(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,assert_same_float_dtype(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,assert_scalar(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,assert_scalar_int(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,assign_from_checkpoint(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,assign_from_checkpoint_fn(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,assign_from_values(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,assign_from_values_fn(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,convert_to_tensor_or_sparse_tensor(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,create_global_step(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,deprecated(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,deprecated_arg_values(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,deprecated_args(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,filter_variables(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_global_step(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_graph_from_inputs(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_local_variables(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_model_variables(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_or_create_global_step(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_unique_variable(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_variables(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_variables_by_name(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_variables_by_suffix(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,get_variables_to_restore(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,has_arg_scope(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,init_from_checkpoint(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,is_tensor(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,list_variables(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,load_checkpoint(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,load_variable(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,local_variable(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,model_variable(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,reduce_sum_n(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,remove_squeezable_dimensions(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,variable(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,with_same_shape(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,with_shape(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,zero_initializer(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework,tensorflow/contrib/framework/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/DNNRegressor,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/estimators/dnn.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn/RNNCell,tensorflow/python/ops/rnn_cell_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/broadcast_static_shape,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/assert_type,tensorflow/python/ops/check_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/AdagradOptimizer,tensorflow/python/training/adagrad.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/metrics/accuracy,tensorflow/python/ops/metrics_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/metrics/true_positives,tensorflow/python/ops/metrics_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/metrics/recall_at_thresholds,tensorflow/python/ops/metrics_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/assert_equal,tensorflow/python/ops/check_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/report_uninitialized_variables,tensorflow/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/saturate_cast,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging/set_verbosity,tensorflow/python/platform/tf_logging.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/name_scope,tf.Graph.name_scope
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_recall_at_thresholds,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_recall_at_thresholds,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/ProblemType,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/estimators/constants.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq/embedding_attention_decoder,tensorflow/contrib/legacy_seq2seq/python/ops/seq2seq.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/maybe_shuffle_batch_join,tensorflow/python/training/input.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/zeros,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses/sparse_softmax_cross_entropy,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/core,tensorflow/core/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf/viterbi_decode,tensorflow/contrib/crf/python/ops/crf.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq/basic_rnn_seq2seq,tensorflow/contrib/legacy_seq2seq/python/ops/seq2seq.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.QueueBase
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.QueueBase.close
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.Session.close
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.QueueBase.close
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.Session.close
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.QueueBase.dequeue_many
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.QueueBase.close
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.Session.close
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.QueueBase.close
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tf.Session.close
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/FIFOQueue,tensorflow/python/ops/data_flow_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf,class CrfForwardRnnCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf,crf_binary_score(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf,crf_log_likelihood(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf,crf_log_norm(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf,crf_sequence_score(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf,crf_unary_score(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf,viterbi_decode(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf,tensorflow/contrib/crf/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_covariance,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_covariance,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/SummarySaverHook,tensorflow/python/training/basic_session_run_hooks.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/seq2seq/simple_decoder_fn_train,tensorflow/contrib/seq2seq/python/ops/decoder_fn.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn/static_rnn,tensorflow/contrib/rnn/python/ops/core_rnn.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_sensitivity_at_specificity,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_sensitivity_at_specificity,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tfdbg/LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession,SessionRunHook
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tfdbg/LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession,tensorflow/python/debug/wrappers/local_cli_wrapper.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/multiply,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/norm,tensorflow/python/ops/linalg_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/Normal,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/normal.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linalg/LinearOperator,LinearOperator
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linalg/LinearOperator,tensorflow/contrib/linalg/python/ops/linear_operator.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sparse_retain,tensorflow/python/ops/sparse_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging/get_verbosity,tensorflow/python/platform/tf_logging.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/detach_inputs,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/edit.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/BernoulliWithSigmoidP,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/bernoulli.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/with_space_to_batch,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/string_split,tensorflow/python/ops/string_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/cholesky_solve,tensorflow/python/ops/linalg_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/transform,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/transform.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/swap_inputs,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/reroute.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn/LayerNormBasicLSTMCell,tensorflow/contrib/rnn/python/ops/rnn_cell.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tfdbg/watch_graph_with_blacklists,tensorflow/python/debug/lib/debug_utils.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/repeat,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/layers.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/layers/batch_normalization,tensorflow/python/layers/normalization.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/stat_summarizer,class StatSummarizer
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/stat_summarizer,tensorflow/contrib/stat_summarizer/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/JobDef,class TasksEntry
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/JobDef,tensorflow/core/protobuf/tensorflow_server_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/initialize_local_variables,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/multinomial,tensorflow/python/ops/random_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/RunOptions,tensorflow/core/protobuf/config_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/ProximalGradientDescentOptimizer,tensorflow/python/training/proximal_gradient_descent.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/ProximalAdagradOptimizer,tensorflow/python/training/proximal_adagrad.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/bypass,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/edit.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/convert_image_dtype,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/swap_ios,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/reroute.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/RMSPropOptimizer,tensorflow/python/training/rmsprop.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/saved_model/signature_def_utils/classification_signature_def,tensorflow/python/saved_model/signature_def_utils_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/initialize_variables,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/utils,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/utils/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/make_placeholder_from_tensor,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/util.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/crop_to_bounding_box,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/ReaderBase,tensorflow/python/ops/io_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/conj,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sparse_minimum,tensorflow/python/ops/sparse_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,apply_regularization(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,avg_pool2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,batch_norm(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,bias_add(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,bucketized_column(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,check_feature_columns(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,conv2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,conv2d_in_plane(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,conv2d_transpose(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,convolution2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,convolution2d_in_plane(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,convolution2d_transpose(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,create_feature_spec_for_parsing(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,crossed_column(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,dropout(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,embed_sequence(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,embedding_column(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,feature_column
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,flatten(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,fully_connected(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,infer_real_valued_columns(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,input_from_feature_columns(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,joint_weighted_sum_from_feature_columns(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,l1_regularizer(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,l2_regularizer(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,layer_norm(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,legacy_fully_connected(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,make_place_holder_tensors_for_base_features(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,max_pool2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,multi_class_target(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,one_hot_column(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,one_hot_encoding(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,optimize_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,parse_feature_columns_from_examples(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,parse_feature_columns_from_sequence_examples(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,real_valued_column(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,regression_target(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,repeat(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,safe_embedding_lookup_sparse(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,scattered_embedding_column(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,separable_conv2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,separable_convolution2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,sequence_input_from_feature_columns(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,shared_embedding_columns(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,softmax(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,sparse_column_with_hash_bucket(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,sparse_column_with_integerized_feature(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,sparse_column_with_keys(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,stack(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,sum_regularizer(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,summaries
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,summarize_activation(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,summarize_activations(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,summarize_collection(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,summarize_tensor(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,summarize_tensors(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,unit_norm(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,variance_scaling_initializer(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,weighted_sparse_column(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,weighted_sum_from_feature_columns(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,xavier_initializer(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,xavier_initializer_conv2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers,tensorflow/contrib/layers/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/Evaluable,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/evaluable.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/lookup/TextFileStringTableInitializer,tensorflow/contrib/lookup/lookup_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging,TaskLevelStatusMessage(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging,flush(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging,get_verbosity(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging,log_every_n(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging,log_first_n(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging,log_if(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging,set_verbosity(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging,vlog(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging,tensorflow/python/platform/tf_logging.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/test/assert_equal_graph_def,tensorflow/python/framework/test_util.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/compat/as_str_any,tensorflow/python/util/compat.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/TensorShape,Shape functions in C++
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/TensorShape,tf.Tensor.set_shape
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/TensorShape,tensorflow/python/framework/tensor_shape.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn/LSTMBlockWrapper,tensorflow/contrib/rnn/python/ops/lstm_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/AttrValue/ListValue,tensorflow/core/framework/attr_value_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/AttrValue,class ListValue
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/AttrValue,tensorflow/core/framework/attr_value_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/run_n,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/moments,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/seq2seq/sequence_loss,tensorflow/contrib/seq2seq/python/ops/loss.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Session,tf.Variable
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Session,tf.QueueBase
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Session,tf.ReaderBase
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Session,tf.Session.close
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Session,ConfigProto
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Session,tf.Operation.run
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Session,tf.Tensor.eval
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Session,tf.get_default_session
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Session,tensorflow/python/client/session.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/get_variable_scope,tensorflow/python/ops/variable_scope.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/MultivariateNormalDiagWithSoftplusStDev,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/mvn.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_false_negatives,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_false_negatives,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/get_backward_walk_ops,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/select.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/Scaffold,tensorflow/python/training/monitored_session.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/extract_pandas_labels,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/learn_io/pandas_io.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn/BasicRNNCell,tensorflow/contrib/rnn/python/ops/core_rnn_cell_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/metrics/false_positives,tensorflow/python/ops/metrics_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/cond,tensorflow/python/ops/control_flow_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/space_to_batch,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/fixed_unigram_candidate_sampler,tensorflow/python/ops/candidate_sampling_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sparse_transpose,tensorflow/python/ops/sparse_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/gfile/Stat,tensorflow/python/lib/io/file_io.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/NameAttrList,class AttrEntry
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/NameAttrList,tensorflow/core/framework/attr_value_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/gfile/ListDirectory,tensorflow/python/lib/io/file_io.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn/FusedRNNCell,tensorflow/contrib/rnn/python/ops/fused_rnn_cell.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses/softmax_cross_entropy,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/where,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/util/loader,tensorflow/contrib/util/loader.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/is_non_decreasing,tensorflow/python/ops/check_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sysconfig/get_lib,tensorflow/python/platform/sysconfig.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/Features,class FeatureEntry
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/Features,tensorflow/core/example/feature_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Event,tensorflow/core/util/event_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_sparse_average_precision_at_k,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_sparse_average_precision_at_k,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/deprecated,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sparse_to_dense,tensorflow/python/ops/sparse_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/summarize_tensors,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/summaries.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,all_candidate_sampler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,atrous_conv2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,atrous_conv2d_transpose(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,avg_pool(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,avg_pool3d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,batch_norm_with_global_normalization(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,batch_normalization(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,bias_add(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,bidirectional_dynamic_rnn(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,compute_accidental_hits(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,conv1d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,conv2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,conv2d_backprop_filter(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,conv2d_backprop_input(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,conv2d_transpose(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,conv3d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,conv3d_backprop_filter_v2(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,conv3d_transpose(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,convolution(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,crelu(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,ctc_beam_search_decoder(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,ctc_greedy_decoder(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,ctc_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,depthwise_conv2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,depthwise_conv2d_native(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,depthwise_conv2d_native_backprop_filter(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,depthwise_conv2d_native_backprop_input(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,dilation2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,dropout(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,dynamic_rnn(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,elu(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,embedding_lookup(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,embedding_lookup_sparse(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,erosion2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,fixed_unigram_candidate_sampler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,fractional_avg_pool(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,fractional_max_pool(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,fused_batch_norm(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,in_top_k(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,l2_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,l2_normalize(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,learned_unigram_candidate_sampler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,local_response_normalization(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,log_poisson_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,log_softmax(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,log_uniform_candidate_sampler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,lrn(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,max_pool(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,max_pool3d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,max_pool_with_argmax(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,moments(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,nce_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,normalize_moments(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,pool(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,quantized_avg_pool(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,quantized_conv2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,quantized_max_pool(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,quantized_relu_x(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,raw_rnn(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,relu(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,relu6(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,relu_layer(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,sampled_softmax_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,separable_conv2d(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,sigmoid(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,sigmoid_cross_entropy_with_logits(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,softmax(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,softplus(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,softsign(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,sparse_softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,sufficient_statistics(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,tanh(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,top_k(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,uniform_candidate_sampler(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,weighted_cross_entropy_with_logits(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,weighted_moments(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,with_space_to_batch(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,xw_plus_b(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,zero_fraction(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn,tensorflow/python/ops/nn.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/input_pipeline,obtain_next(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/input_pipeline,tensorflow/contrib/input_pipeline/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/NameAttrList/AttrEntry,tensorflow/core/framework/attr_value_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/transpose,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/local_variables_initializer,tensorflow/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/adjust_gamma,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_tensor,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_tensor,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/separable_conv2d,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/learned_unigram_candidate_sampler,tensorflow/python/ops/candidate_sampling_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Bernoulli
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class BernoulliWithSigmoidP
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Beta
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class BetaWithSoftplusAB
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Binomial
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Categorical
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Chi2
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Chi2WithAbsDf
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Dirichlet
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class DirichletMultinomial
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Distribution
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Exponential
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class ExponentialWithSoftplusLam
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Gamma
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class GammaWithSoftplusAlphaBeta
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class InverseGamma
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class InverseGammaWithSoftplusAlphaBeta
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Laplace
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class LaplaceWithSoftplusScale
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Mixture
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Multinomial
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class MultivariateNormalCholesky
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class MultivariateNormalDiag
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class MultivariateNormalDiagPlusVDVT
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class MultivariateNormalDiagWithSoftplusStDev
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class MultivariateNormalFull
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Normal
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class NormalWithSoftplusSigma
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Poisson
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class QuantizedDistribution
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class RegisterKL
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class StudentT
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class StudentTWithAbsDfSoftplusSigma
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class TransformedDistribution
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class Uniform
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class WishartCholesky
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,class WishartFull
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,bijector
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,kl(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,matrix_diag_transform(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,normal_conjugates_known_sigma_posterior(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,normal_conjugates_known_sigma_predictive(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,softplus_inverse(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_sparse_recall_at_k,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_sparse_recall_at_k,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/lookup/IdTableWithHashBuckets,tensorflow/contrib/lookup/lookup_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/adjust_brightness,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/bayesflow/special_math,tensorflow/contrib/bayesflow/python/ops/special_math.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/reduce_min,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Print,tensorflow/python/ops/logging_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/adjust_contrast,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/swap_ts,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/reroute.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/FeatureLists/FeatureListEntry,tensorflow/core/example/feature_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/reduce_sum,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/deprecated/merge_summary,Summary
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/deprecated/merge_summary,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/FileWriter,tf.Session.run
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/FileWriter,tf.Tensor.eval
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/FileWriter,tensorflow/python/summary/writer/writer.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/deprecated,audio_summary(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/deprecated,histogram_summary(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/deprecated,image_summary(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/deprecated,merge_all_summaries(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/deprecated,merge_summary(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/deprecated,scalar_summary(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/deprecated,tensorflow/contrib/deprecated/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class AttentionCellWrapper
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class BasicLSTMCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class BasicRNNCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class CoupledInputForgetGateLSTMCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class DropoutWrapper
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class EmbeddingWrapper
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class FusedRNNCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class FusedRNNCellAdaptor
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class GRUBlockCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class GRUCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class GridLSTMCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class InputProjectionWrapper
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class LSTMBlockCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class LSTMBlockFusedCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class LSTMBlockWrapper
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class LSTMCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class LSTMStateTuple
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class LayerNormBasicLSTMCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class MultiRNNCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class OutputProjectionWrapper
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class RNNCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class TimeFreqLSTMCell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,class TimeReversedFusedRNN
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,core_rnn_cell
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,static_bidirectional_rnn(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,static_rnn(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,static_state_saving_rnn(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn,tensorflow/contrib/rnn/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/check_cios,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/select.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_iou,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_iou,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/bayesflow/stochastic_variables,tensorflow/contrib/bayesflow/python/ops/stochastic_variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/WishartCholesky,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/wishart.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/placeholder,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/make_place_holder_tensors_for_base_features,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/feature_column.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/foldl,tensorflow/python/ops/functional_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/per_image_standardization,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/connect,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/edit.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/FileWriterCache,tensorflow/python/summary/writer/writer_cache.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/tensor_summary,Summary
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/tensor_summary,tensorflow/python/ops/summary_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/NanLossDuringTrainingError,tensorflow/python/training/basic_session_run_hooks.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/AdamOptimizer,tensorflow/python/training/adam.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/parse_single_sequence_example,SequenceExample
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/parse_single_sequence_example,tensorflow/python/ops/parsing_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/Dirichlet,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/dirichlet.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/legacy_fully_connected,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/layers.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/uniform_candidate_sampler,tensorflow/python/ops/candidate_sampling_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/GraphOptions,tensorflow/core/protobuf/config_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/FileWriterCache/get,tensorflow/python/summary/writer/writer_cache.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/crelu,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/random_uniform_initializer,tensorflow/python/ops/init_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/StudentTWithAbsDfSoftplusSigma,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/student_t.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/detach_control_inputs,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/edit.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/kl,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/kullback_leibler.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/rot90,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/lookup/index_to_string_table_from_tensor,tensorflow/contrib/lookup/lookup_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/foldr,tensorflow/python/ops/functional_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/global_variables_initializer,tensorflow/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/crf/CrfForwardRnnCell,tensorflow/contrib/crf/python/ops/crf.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/WishartFull,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/wishart.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/ctc_loss,tensorflow/python/ops/ctc_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/random_saturation,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/TFRecordReader,tensorflow/python/ops/io_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/ones,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/adjust_hue,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/expand_dims,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/lookup/InitializableLookupTableBase,tensorflow/contrib/lookup/lookup_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/lookup/TableInitializerBase,tensorflow/contrib/lookup/lookup_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linear_optimizer,class SDCAOptimizer
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linear_optimizer,class SdcaModel
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linear_optimizer,class SparseFeatureColumn
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linear_optimizer,tensorflow/contrib/linear_optimizer/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/layers/dropout,tensorflow/python/layers/core.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/latest_checkpoint,tensorflow/python/training/saver.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/LinearClassifier,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/estimators/linear.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logging/log_first_n,tensorflow/python/platform/tf_logging.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/filter_ts_from_regex,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/select.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/get_global_step,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/assert_proper_iterable,tensorflow/python/ops/check_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sparse_mask,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/assert_scalar_int,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/framework/tensor_util.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/can_be_regex,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/select.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/conv2d_transpose,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/ops/arg_scope.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/replace_t_with_placeholder_handler,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/transform.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/constant_initializer,tensorflow/python/ops/init_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/histogram_fixed_width,tensorflow/python/ops/histogram_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/QueueRunner,tensorflow/python/training/queue_runner_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses/log_loss,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/make_template,tensorflow/python/ops/template.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/sum_regularizer,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/regularizers.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/l2_regularizer,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/regularizers.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/NotFittedError,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/estimators/_sklearn.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn/EmbeddingWrapper,tensorflow/contrib/rnn/python/ops/core_rnn_cell_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/SessionRunValues,tensorflow/python/training/session_run_hook.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/dropout,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/shuffle_batch_join,tensorflow/python/training/input.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sparse_softmax,tensorflow/python/ops/sparse_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/extract_pandas_data,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/learn_io/pandas_io.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,attention_decoder(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,basic_rnn_seq2seq(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,embedding_attention_decoder(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,embedding_attention_seq2seq(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,embedding_rnn_decoder(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,embedding_rnn_seq2seq(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,embedding_tied_rnn_seq2seq(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,model_with_buckets(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,one2many_rnn_seq2seq(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,rnn_decoder(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,sequence_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,sequence_loss_by_example(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,tied_rnn_seq2seq(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/legacy_seq2seq,tensorflow/contrib/legacy_seq2seq/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/export_meta_graph,tensorflow/python/training/saver.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/FileWriterCache/clear,tensorflow/python/summary/writer/writer_cache.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses/hinge_loss,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/infer,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/piecewise_constant,tensorflow/python/training/learning_rate_decay.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/load_checkpoint,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/framework/checkpoint_utils.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/summary/get_summary_description,tensorflow/python/summary/summary.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/ndlstm,tensorflow/contrib/ndlstm/python/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/convert_to_tensor,tensorflow/python/framework/ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/OpMatcher,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/match.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/lookup/TextFileInitializer,tensorflow/contrib/lookup/lookup_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/copy_graph/get_copied_op,tensorflow/contrib/copy_graph/python/util/copy_elements.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/conv1d,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/svd,tensorflow/python/ops/linalg_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/errors/InvalidArgumentError,tf.matmul
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/errors/InvalidArgumentError,tf.reshape
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/errors/InvalidArgumentError,tf.Operation
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/errors/InvalidArgumentError,tf.OpError.node_def
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/errors/InvalidArgumentError,tensorflow/python/framework/errors_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/rnn/GRUBlockCell,tensorflow/contrib/rnn/python/ops/gru_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/AggregationMethod,tensorflow/python/ops/gradients_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/self_adjoint_eig,tensorflow/python/ops/linalg_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/python,tensorflow/python/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/scan,tensorflow/python/ops/functional_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/scattered_embedding_column,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/feature_column.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/select_ops,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/select.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/losses/mean_squared_error,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/opt/ScipyOptimizerInterface,tensorflow/contrib/opt/python/training/external_optimizer.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/graph_util/tensor_shape_from_node_def_name,tensorflow/python/framework/graph_util_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/match,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/match.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/summarize_tensor,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/summaries.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/confusion_matrix,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/confusion_matrix,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/confusion_matrix_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/GammaWithSoftplusAlphaBeta,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/gamma.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/MonitoredSession,tensorflow/python/training/monitored_session.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sets/set_union,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sets/set_union,tensorflow/python/ops/sets_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/sparse_fill_empty_rows,tensorflow/python/ops/sparse_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses/get_regularization_losses,tensorflow/python/ops/losses/util.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_true_negatives_at_thresholds,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_true_negatives_at_thresholds,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/sparse_column_with_keys,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/feature_column.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/sparse_column_with_integerized_feature,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/feature_column.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/ChiefSessionCreator,tensorflow/python/training/monitored_session.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,absolute_difference(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,add_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,compute_weighted_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,cosine_distance(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,get_losses(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,get_regularization_losses(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,get_total_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,hinge_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,log_loss(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,mean_pairwise_squared_error(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,mean_squared_error(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,sigmoid_cross_entropy(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,softmax_cross_entropy(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,sparse_softmax_cross_entropy(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses,tensorflow/python/ops/losses/losses.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tfdbg/has_inf_or_nan,tensorflow/python/debug/lib/debug_data.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/lookup/MutableDenseHashTable,tensorflow/contrib/lookup/lookup_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/copy_with_input_replacements,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/transform.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/BaseEstimator,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/estimators/estimator.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linalg/LinearOperatorMatrix,LinearOperator
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linalg/LinearOperatorMatrix,tensorflow/contrib/linalg/python/ops/linear_operator_matrix.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/aggregate_metric_map,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/aggregate_metric_map,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/MonitoredTrainingSession,tensorflow/python/training/monitored_session.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/resource_loader/get_data_files_path,tensorflow/python/platform/resource_loader.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/nn,deprecated_flipped_sigmoid_cross_entropy_with_logits(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/nn,deprecated_flipped_softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/nn,deprecated_flipped_sparse_softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits(...)
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/nn,tensorflow/contrib/nn/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/resize_images,tf.image.resize_image_with_crop_or_pad
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/image/resize_images,tensorflow/python/ops/image_ops_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/seq2seq/simple_decoder_fn_inference,tensorflow/contrib/seq2seq/python/ops/decoder_fn.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/assign_from_values,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/feature_column,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/feature_column.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/gfile/Glob,tensorflow/python/lib/io/file_io.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/DirichletMultinomial,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/dirichlet_multinomial.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/dynamic_rnn,tensorflow/python/ops/rnn.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/tensordot,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/SessionManager,tensorflow/python/training/session_manager.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/variables_initializer,tensorflow/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/shape,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/cudnn_rnn,tensorflow/contrib/cudnn_rnn/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/LogMessage,tensorflow/core/util/event_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/local_variable,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/ops/variables.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/test/TestCase,class failureException
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/test/TestCase,tensorflow/python/framework/test_util.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/distributions/BetaWithSoftplusAB,tensorflow/contrib/distributions/python/ops/beta.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/Example,tensorflow/core/example/example_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/logical_xor,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tfdbg/cli,tensorflow/python/debug/cli/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/quantization,tensorflow/contrib/quantization/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/tuple,tensorflow/python/ops/control_flow_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/add_to_collection,tf.Graph.add_to_collection
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/add_to_collection,tensorflow/python/framework/ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/GlobalStepWaiterHook,tensorflow/python/training/basic_session_run_hooks.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/max_pool,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/ClusterDef,tensorflow/core/protobuf/tensorflow_server_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/io,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/learn_io/__init__.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/bayesflow/stochastic_tensor,tensorflow/contrib/bayesflow/python/ops/stochastic_tensor.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/to_float,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/errors/exception_type_from_error_code,tensorflow/python/framework/errors_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/read_batch_record_features,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/learn_io/graph_io.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/assert_scalar,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/framework/tensor_util.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/depthwise_conv2d,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/match_filenames_once,tensorflow/python/training/input.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,tf.Operation
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,tf.Tensor
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,tf.get_default_graph
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,tf.Graph.as_default
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,tf.GraphKeys.GLOBAL_VARIABLES
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,GraphDef
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,tf.Graph.graph_def_versions
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,tf.import_graph_def
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,GraphDef
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,DeviceNameUtils
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,tf.train.QueueRunner
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Graph,tensorflow/python/framework/ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/max_pool2d,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/ops/arg_scope.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/reduce_sum_n,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/framework/tensor_util.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/safe_embedding_lookup_sparse,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/embedding_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/concat,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/SparseFeature,tensorflow/python/ops/parsing_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/layer_norm,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/ops/arg_scope.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/framework/load_variable,tensorflow/contrib/framework/python/framework/checkpoint_utils.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/bidirectional_dynamic_rnn,tensorflow/python/ops/rnn.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/required_space_to_batch_paddings,tensorflow/python/ops/array_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses/mean_pairwise_squared_error,tensorflow/python/ops/losses/losses_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/gfile/MkDir,tensorflow/python/lib/io/file_io.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/saved_model/builder,class SavedModelBuilder
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/saved_model/builder,tensorflow/python/saved_model/builder.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/select_ops_and_ts,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/select.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/lookup/string_to_index,tensorflow/python/util/deprecation.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/input_pipeline/obtain_next,tensorflow/contrib/input_pipeline/python/ops/input_pipeline_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/layers/shared_embedding_columns,tensorflow/contrib/layers/python/layers/feature_column.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses/softmax_cross_entropy,tensorflow/python/ops/losses/losses_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/real,tensorflow/python/ops/math_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linalg/LinearOperatorTriL,LinearOperator
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linalg/LinearOperatorTriL,tensorflow/contrib/linalg/python/ops/linear_operator_tril.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linalg/LinearOperatorIdentity,LinearOperator
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/linalg/LinearOperatorIdentity,tensorflow/contrib/linalg/python/ops/linear_operator_identity.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_squared_error,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_mean_squared_error,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/nn/pool,tensorflow/python/ops/nn_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/learn/PredictionKey,tensorflow/contrib/learn/python/learn/estimators/prediction_key.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/serialize_many_sparse,tensorflow/python/ops/sparse_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_true_positives,Ops
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/metrics/streaming_true_positives,tensorflow/contrib/metrics/python/ops/metric_ops.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/losses/log_loss,tensorflow/python/ops/losses/losses_impl.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/Supervisor,tf.train.Server.create_local_server
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/train/Supervisor,tensorflow/python/training/supervisor.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/Summary/Image,tensorflow/core/framework/summary_pb2.py
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/contrib/graph_editor/filter_ops_from_regex,tensorflow/contrib/graph_editor/select.py
